content/pages/about/index.mdx, before:

---
title: About
slug: "/about"
---

Hi!

Remus Lupin - also known as Moony - is currently teaching "Defense against the Dark Arts" at Hogwarts. He was afflicted with lycanthropy during his childhood, as a result of Fenrir Greyback's revenge against Lyall. He attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry from 1971-1978 and was Sorted into Gryffindor House. During his school years he was one of the Marauders, best friends with Sirius Black, James Potter, and Peter Pettigrew. Together they created the Marauder's Map.

He fought against Death Eaters once more in the Second Wizarding War, during which he lost his friend Sirius. In 1997, Remus married fellow Order member Nymphadora Tonks and had a son, Edward Remus Lupin, of whom he named Harry the godfather. Remus fought at the Battle of Hogwarts on 2 May, 1998, during which his wife was murdered by Bellatrix Lestrange. Remus was also murdered by Death Eater, Antonin Dolohov, during the first half of the same battle. His death was avenged by Filius Flitwick.

Commit message:

New about page and routing

content/pages/about/index.mdx, after:

---
title: About
slug: "/about"
---

Howdy!

I'm glad you are visiting this site! Describing myself is always tough task but I will do my best ;)

## Currently

I am the proud <strong>Founder</strong> of <a href="https://apprife.com/">Apprife</a> - a software development company focused on delivering quality solutions for our customers. We believe that the biggest value of the company are <strong>people</strong> - only thanks to our talented team we can deliver hight quality projects on time. We are doing our best to provide clients with exceptional software in planned time, but also keeping in mind Developer Experience and stress-free atmosphere. If you want to learn more, visit our website or contact me directly.

Secondly - I'm supporting <a href="https://itcraftship.com">ITCraftship</a> as a <strong>Backend Technical Recruiter</strong>. My main responsibility is to verify CVs, conduct technical interviews and check home assessments.

After hours I am <strong>Leading Development</strong> of <a href="https://alikeme.app">AlikeMe App</a> Start-up. I strongly believe in our idea and you will for sure hear about us in the near future ;)

## Background

For years I've been working as a Backend Software Developer. During that time, I managed to work in variety of companies: software houses, start-ups, product companies, corporations.

Most of my career I've been working with PHP and other supporting Backend technologies like Docker, AWS or databases like PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, Elasticsearch, Redis.

One of the most important breakthroughs in my career was joining <a href="https://sylius.com">Sylius</a> as a Software Engineer. My responsibilities were to maintain Sylius Core and develop new product for Marketplaces. In Sylius I understood many of eCommerce concepts and rules that were helpful when I joined <a href="https://bitbag.io">BitBag</a> to develop eCommerce platforms using Sylius and other PHP related technologies.

## Private

If I'm not at work I like to play with my cat and drive cars. You can follow me on <a href="https://instagram.com/radnok_">Instagram</a> to check out what I'm currently into.

<img src="./focused.jpg" />
<div style="font-size: 1em; color: #777; margin-top: 1em; text-align: center">
Preparing for a pitching competition during a Start-up contest
</div>
