content/posts/2019-29-10---PHPers-Opole-2019.md, before:

---
template: post
title: Talk on PHPers Opole #3 2019
slug: /posts/talk-on-phpers-opole-3-2019
draft: false
date: '2019-02-23T09:21:37.121Z'
description: ""
category: Public
tags:
  - '#Frameworks'
  - '#DDD'
  - '#CQRS'
videoSourceURL: https://www.youtube.com/embed/dQw4w9WgXcQ
videoTitle: "PHPers Opole #3 2019"
---

## Framework Agnostic - the best you can do for your business

On February 22, 2019 I was given a chance to present my talk on **[PHPers meetup](https://www.facebook.com/events/restauracja-venezia/phpers-opole-3/387800895303484/)** in Opole. I've decided to show my point of view how to develop applications without a framework, why we should obtain this way while developing our systems and why it's better than being a "framework developer". 

The recording from this event is available here:

`youtube: https://youtu.be/oALUici8QIE?t=420`

My presentation (unfortunately it is just in Polish 🇵🇱) starts in ~7:00 minute and ends on ~53:00 minute. **But I highly recommend to watch it fully!**

Enjoy!

Commit message:

Center content on Talk on PHPers Opole #3 2019; Add support for oembed.

content/posts/2019-29-10---PHPers-Opole-2019.md, after:

---
template: post
title: Talk on PHPers Opole #3 2019
slug: /posts/talk-on-phpers-opole-3-2019
draft: false
date: '2019-02-23T09:21:37.121Z'
description: ""
category: Public
tags:
  - '#Frameworks'
  - '#DDD'
  - '#CQRS'
videoSourceURL: https://www.youtube.com/embed/dQw4w9WgXcQ
videoTitle: "PHPers Opole #3 2019"
---

## Framework Agnostic - the best you can do for your business

On February 22, 2019, I was given a chance to present my talk on **[PHPers meetup](https://www.facebook.com/events/restauracja-venezia/phpers-opole-3/387800895303484/)** in Opole. I've decided to show my point of view on how to develop applications without a framework, why we should obtain this way while developing our systems and why it's better to be a Software Engineer instead of a "Framework Developer".

The recording from this event is available here:

<div style="text-align: center;">

`youtube: https://youtu.be/oALUici8QIE`

</div>

The presentation is available just in Polish 🇵🇱 and starts in ~7:00.

The slides are available here:

<div style="text-align: center;">

`oembed: https://speakerdeck.com/radnok/framework-agnostic`

</div>

Enjoy! 🤟
